We've covered today JavaScript in
the background, the web app lifecycle.
Remember that what happens
when you go to the background,
where are all the background
possibilities, the background's life.
What happens with timers?
Timers might get throttled,
also your whole website might
be suspended or discarded.
We've talk about detection.
API's for detection such as
the page visibility API, and
the lifecycle API that it's chromium only.
The basics of notifying the user while in
the background, because we don't have DOM.
We don't have user interface,
service workers,
very basic idea just to sit on
top of that lots of other API's.
Execution in the background,
we've seen all the API's that
can actually let us do something
in the background no matter if
the user keeps the PWA or
the website in the foreground.
Or even open, such as background sync,
the beacon API, media API's.
Periodic background scene,
background fetch, and now Web Push.
So that's actually everything that
exists today in the web platform,
at least in the standards,
not without extensions, and
native apps around that has to do with
background execution with JavaScript.
Well, remember you have the final
version in the project, so in case you.
You weren't coding, you have the final
version that is probably not 100% the same
but it's kind of the same idea that
you have there working in case you
want to play with that.
Also you have that hidden cam that will
let you see what's going on if you want to
play with that as well with your real
devices and see what happens when.
The window goes to the background,
what happens with your timers,
with your service workers,
with your web workers, and so on.
So after saying that,
I have only one work, thanks.
>> [APPLAUSE]